Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.
Community Operations' focus is on creating the best possible experience for our community as well as an excellent support experience through both direct interactions and scalable solutions. Those who join our teams are very passionate about solving people’s issues and are strong advocates for the Facebook community. We need influencers who can align cross-functional partners to ensure the best possible experience for our platforms. If you like helping people, Community Operations is for you.

Facebook is looking for a people manager to join the Community Operations Data Analytics team. We are looking for someone who is able to influence business decisions through furthering a data-driven and analytical culture across operations teams. This role will involve leading and nurturing a team of analysts that asks the right questions, and translating these questions into impactful analysis involving both distributed and diverse data sets. This role will assume general management responsibilities; building the right data solutions; and cross-functional partnership with operations, product, engineering, and finance functions to help drive Community Operations' most important strategic priorities.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Manage a team that builds scalable reporting and analytics solutions
Provide mentorship, guidance and career development to a team of analysts
Establish team goals and work with direct reports to execute, measure progress, and share results
Strategically craft plans and solutions that equip your team to solve large problems
Utilize deep product and industry knowledge while serving as a strong cross-functional leader
Leverage areas of expertise to improve the effectiveness and quality of Facebook's community and support experience
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
BA/BS degree or higher
2+ years of people management experience
2+ years hands-on experience using SQL or other querying language
Experience analyzing and deriving meaning from unstructured data sets
Experience with visualization software (Tableau, Pentaho etc.)
5+ years of experience in solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches (or equivalent)
Experience presenting research data (qualitative and quantitative) to both technical and business partners
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience utilizing both qualitative analysis (e.g. content analysis, phenomenology, hypothesis testing) and quantitative analysis techniques (e.g. cluster analysis, descriptive and inferential statistics)
Ability to thrive in an ambiguous and fast-paced operational environment, collaborating effectively with a variety of individuals and organizations to drive improvements
